TRACING-3258 | Document troubleshooting OTEL (#64772)
openshift/openshift-docs: distr_tracing/distr_tracing_otel/distr-tracing-otel-troubleshooting.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="distr-tracing-otel-troubleshoot"]
= Troubleshooting the {OTELShortName}
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: distr-tracing-otel-troubleshoot

toc::[]

The Collector offers multiple ways to measure the health of the Collector as well as investigate data ingestion issues.

> include::modules/distr-tracing-otel-troubleshoot.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
include::modules/distr-tracing-otel-troubleshoot-collector-logs.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/distr-tracing-otel-troubleshoot-metrics.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/distr-tracing-otel-troubleshoot-logging-exporter-stdout.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
```

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="distr-tracing-otel-troubleshoot"]
= Troubleshooting the {OTELShortName}
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: distr-tracing-otel-troubleshoot

toc::[]

> The Collector offers multiple ways to measure the health of the Collector as well as investigate data ingestion issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenTelemetry Collector offers multiple ways to measure its health as well as investigate data ingestion issues.
```
